(page under construction) 


SUPER IMPORTANT
#1 check for probe bias due to effector tilt otherwise, visable bed deviations eg wear and tear. This will make delta calibrate unusable or usable only with larger layer heights 
eg 0.2-0.15ish. usually running bed mesh will will also display a overly low or high spots. the reason for this is delta calibrate assumes everything is 100 percent. it won't know 
if the probe is either sitting slightly off and, calibrate based on the probe location vs the the very tip of the nozzle. Note the new calibrate macro shuold deal with this. 
piezo probs recommended if its a problem. or the paper method. this highly depends on machines qc etc. note extended delta calibrate in klipper docs should be run for best results. 


#2 
run probe calibrate (aka zoffset first then delta calibrate) this may need to be run a 2nd time. or run probe_calibrate save config Then the calibrate macro. 
delta_calibrate doesn't turn off active bed meshs simply delete the mesh in fluidd or main sail etc if using billinear. It will have to be redone after anyway. 
To state What should be apparent. before doing delta calibrate in particular ensure the bed is perfectly clean this will skew results. 
bed mesh deviation factor will vary printer to printer. after all the steps are complete the bed mesh in theory should be correct 
depending on the topography of the textured surface of the glass. bed mesh may or may not be nessary. in most cases delta calibrate and, belt tilt are enough.  
if deviation seems to be a problem increase probe count. 
WITH END_PHASE_CALIBRATE. before running it  move the axis at random points home it 5 times. then run the command for all 3 steppers then save config. Or use the calibrate macro 

initial setup. 
step 1 put on probe 
step 2 endstop_phase_calibrate stepper=stepper_(letter) run this for all axis a then b then c  then save_config leave the probe on (note you don't have to save every time just run the command for all 3) 
step 3 probe_calibrate it will lower and probe a few times once thats done temporarily remove the probe and use paper to find the offset. (note paper width can vary) save_config
step 4 delta_calibrate. then save_config leave the probe on 

probe calibrate its optional to run preheated to avoid filament strands effecting the feel / blobs stuck to the paper. ideally make sure its clean before hand. Once you think its right Save_config
print a large flat square it should be mostly right. baby step to micro adjust. BUT just incase offset isn't quite right use fluid/main sail babystep / zoffset and raise the nozzle 2mm incrementally lowering. 
NOTE: The save section at the bottom of the config will now have a zoffset. add or subtract the babystep value or if using main sail use the offset save option. 
NOTE: do not add it to the z offset on probe that will remain 0. whats active is in the save section of the config. yes you can touch it other things shouldn't be. 

Note once you know your offset. it  doesn't generally need to be changed. 90 percent of the time it may appear to be different but its often flow related or moisture some times model geometry. 
generally this happens changing filament
Makse sure to run bed mesh / delta calibrate at temp your using. results will be skewed by temp differences as the rods / effector / basse change.
its recommended to let it prheat the bed for about 5 -10 mins before running a calibration cycle. after initial setup usally only delta_calibrate and bed mmesh need to be run 
once in awile or with wide tamp changes. eg going from 50 bed to 80-110 for higher temp materials 
